The Joe Rogan experience. Now,
when you came back and w w what do you do with
this information? Do you report it? Do you talk to people?
So the typical process, anytime we fly, everything gets debriefed.
So because there was a two seat airplane, uh,
usually the junior person in the jet goes down. So I was the boss,
so I wasn't going down there. So we have a thing called civic CVIC,
which is the carrier Intel center. So they go down,
we always take our tapes because we record stuff. When we're fighting,
they take it down.
And it's really to exercise the system when we're in training.
So that when we actually get over to, in this case,
we are going over to the Persian Gulf. You know,
anything that we do comes in and gets debrief, then it all gets sent off.
That's how you get the CNN video and all that.
So they go down in a debrief and I have to tell, Hey, we,
we chase this object. We don't know what it is, you know, and of course,
everyone now is going to make jokes because we know we're going to catch,
because that's how the Navy works. You know? And I told him, I said,
I remember telling the guy in my backseat. I said, dude, you know,
we're gonna catch maximum for this. And he goes, yes, sir.
I'll show you the comics. I have him on my phone. We do the air plan comes out.
So we know it's going to come down. So he goes in, he did, they debrief this,
both crews go in and, and, uh,
of course everyone at Intel thinks this is hilarious. So the flight that,
you know, Chad comes in with his tapes, you know,
and when he lands and here's the thing, oh, VFA 41 guys,
see any UFO's out there. And he pulls out that tape and drops it on the counter.
He goes, yeah, it's on here. So they're like, oh. So they copy it.
They play it. And there's a big, it looks like a rack system.
They put the 8 million, it gets copied to a hard drive and then they,
they archive it. So you go, okay, so they got this video and then, you know,
the ship, the spreads, you know, if you have a rumor on the ship,
5,000 people are gonna know about it within probably 30 minutes. I mean,
it spreads the F it's like a virus.
So the whole ship now knows that we chase this.
I guarantee the whole Princeton knew this stuff was going on.
And it goes all the way up. The Admiral knows about it.
The captain of the ship knew about it. And, uh, and then all the movies,
cause we have,
they play movies for us on the ship and they run like a 12 hour loop.
So of course the movie selection is men and black men and black two signs
independence day. Um, and,
and we know we're going to be on the airplane comment cause there's always a
comic. So you do some stupid or like this,
then you're going to be on the common,
I'll show you the comics here a little bit. They're pretty funny. Um, but, uh,
you know, so that went on for two days, but you know,
we're in the middle of workups and I got a squatter neuron. So it's like,
you know, there was after about the first day and a half early died down.
And then it was the,
there's always that closet people that you don't think that are really like UFO
buffs and you know, like we had one on one,
one of the Marines would always come and eat, sit down, Hey, Hey,
skipper kind of sit with you. I got it. If you want to talk about the UFO. Yes.
Yeah. I just, I can't get it out of my mind.
And then we would just sit there and talk about it, you know,
and to me it was like, you know, we were just saying, you know,
my now flying career is defined by five minutes of chasing this white tic-tac
vise, almost 4,000 hours, you know, flying.
So did you encounter anyone else that had a similar experience?
I've talked to the guys, a couple of guys from the east coast event,
the gimbal video. Um, one of my talk to Daley, um,
he's pretty good friend of mine. Um, totally different. Now keep in mind.
Ours is 2004. Um,
the gimbal video is 2015.
The funny part about the gimbal video and the east coast stuff that was going
on. Cause that's off the vacate. So, uh,
off the coast of the United States are they're called warning areas and all they
are is there. If you look on a aviation map there,
these big areas that are blocked off by blue and they say like whiskey 2 91,
or whiskey 2 43.
And is the gimbal video available in the same way that that video is available?
Yes. Yeah. Okay. Find that champion. So,
and I was talking to him about it cause I actually a buddy of mine,
he just retired. He was the,
he led the fighter wing on the east coast and I had called him up because we
start finding out that these things were so prevalent out off the east coast of
the United States. And there's a couple of them.
So there's the we're going to talk.
What they started seeing originally was these things.
And one of them almost hit the airplane, almost hit one of these things,
but it looks like a cube inside of a clear beach ball.
So they don't know if it's actually like a surrounding or it's.
You don't know if it's a force field and you see kind of in the gimbal veal
video, it's got like an aura around it where ours didn't I always laugh. I go,
ours was a tic-tac these are not,
that means there's different stuff out there that we don't know,
but they had two airplanes flying and we fly when we go out to, to train. Uh,
we usually we have a distance, you know, and we'll just say, we're, you know,
a mile apart as we're flying out. So they're flying out and there, you know,
the airplanes are deployed, we call it combat spread. And uh,
one of the airplanes almost hits one of these ghosts close down,
like 50 feet down the side and almost hits one of these floating cubes inside
of the beach ball. And someone goes out and it's a, it's a balloon.
It's not a balloon. I mean,
these things are literally sitting still they're there no effect from the wind.
So if you've got 90 knots of wind and they talk about it,
these things are just sitting there.
So 60 or 70 people had seen it because the radars,
the newer radar in the super Hornets is extremely, extremely capable.
Okay. And at first, when they started seeing stuff, they were like, ah,
it's just like, maybe it's the radar. Just give me a false target.
And that radar really doesn't give false targets.
And then someone did exactly what Chad did is they threw their targeting flare
out there. And all of a sudden, when you see a heat signature, there's a return.
There's obviously something out where that blip is at.
W what is it targeting flare? Uh, that's uh, the, we call it the 80 flirts.
It's an advanced targeting FLIR. It sits on the left side of the airplane.
And it's a, when you launch it like a flare? No, no, it's a,
it's a FLIR forward looking infrared receiver. Oh.
So when you see the bombs blowing up on TV and it's,
that looks like a black and white and you see it play, that's the targeting pod.
It's got a laser in it. It's got an iron marker in it. It's,
it's a very capable system, syncs up to the S to the Hornets.
Everything kind of marries this. So this is the go fast. Now this is go fast.
No, it's the other one. It's.
The, what is this one?
What is that? That's called the go fast.
That looks like a tic-tac and that was another one taken off the east coast,
but they grab it and it's marked that one. It's going,
it's screaming across the ocean at a very high rate of speed.
And there's been some debunkers that say, well,
that's really not going that fast.
It's just the way the airplane is and how the mechanics of the Potter work.
And when you talk to the crew, cause it's actually, uh, I could ask, uh,
my blood, I'm pretty sure it's the same backseat or took both of these videos,
took the go fast video and took the gimbal video.
And my buddy was on the flight with the gimbal video, but they, these things I,
so I call my bud cause I'm like, Hey, how many people are seeing these things?
Are I got like 60 or 70, 60 or 70,
60 or 70 people had seen these things on radar. And I said, well,
what are you doing? They said, well, we put out a no Tam,
which is a notice to airmen that just says, Hey, these things are out there.
So just be careful because we don't want you to hit one. Yeah. And, uh,
it's kinda like our, she go, cause you had asked, you know, who do you tell?
Well, everyone knows or what do you do? And I said, well,
cause it was all white and it didn't have any markings on it and it didn't have
any wings and it didn't have any rotors. And it was just outperformed.
Anything that we have.
I think if I would have painted China or Russia on the side,
is this the gimbal video? Yes. Okay.
So it's the same pod from the beginning chairman,
what we're looking at and when the crew finds it, now, what you're not seeing,
you're seeing the targeting. When you hear him start talking,
when you listen to the video, you'll hear the guy go, dude, look,
they're all over. Look at the essay page.
So we have a situation awareness page and whatever the radar is getting returns
on. It'll show up. It's kind of like our God's eye view in the airplane.
So the pod can only look at one thing.
So he designates that as his primary target.
So that's where the pod is steering. The radar is still seeing everything else.
So what they're actually seeing this video is what you're, when you see the,
the object that he's tracking. Um,
when I was talking to one of the other pilots, he said, there's actually,
when you see the radar video, there's like a,
almost looks like a formation in front of them,
like five smaller ones that are moving in front of it.
And then they turn so like a formation,
these things turns and starts going the other way. And then the,
and while they're filming the gimbal video and that's kind of the comms.
When you hear a dude, holy cow.
Oh look, they're all over.
This is a unreported new information that he's actually saying right now,
everybody knows this video.
This is the one that they say turns like the Lasar craft like belly first.
However, what he's telling you right now is something that is not public yet.
He's telling you that there was a V formation of other objects that the public
has yet to see. You're not going to, you're not going to the radar tape,
but there were more objects surrounding.
This is what he's telling you right now,
which is fascinating because the world doesn't know that yet. Just so you know,
I mean, that's brand new. That's never been reported by New York times anybody.
Okay. So.
You can go ahead and play.
So the cool thing with this is, you know, when he goes into, so he's an,
I R I R mode right now. You're still seeing no plume. He's looking 47.
So they're actually turning into it.
So it's starting to pull it back towards an OCL.
The number at the top is decreasing and it's against the wind.
Now he's in TV mode and this thing's going to just start to run.
You can kind of see it's got that aura around it. He said,
they were saying that the,
the ones with the squares inside that looked like the beach ball were the same
and this thing is just hanging out.
So it's on the airplanes in a left-hand turn. And it's,
so now it's right in front. Yeah. It's just rotating.
No, this is how Lasar described. You don't put that up.
Right. Um, Lasar described that,
that these things would lay flat and then when they would travel,
they would turn up on their side and that's, that's how they maneuvered.
So this is very similar.
Eerily, similar to the propulsion system that Lasar talked about.
And that's why this video we're seeing it very differently now,
especially with what we know about Lasar.
But the idea is that it would fly belly first in high speed mode.
So if they have, these are gravity propelled,
this is something that's known within the government.
They're trying to back engineer it. They're trying to understand it.
We know there's a program currently that they said is, is gone. However,
it is currently active to study this. These things will turn belly first,
the saucer type looking ones. And then that's the high-speed mode because they,
they focus allegedly, you know, these gravity wave amplifiers, look,
this thing turns mechanically there again,
no typical form of propulsion as an expert is telling you,
this is not a glitch. This is seen by multiple radars, multiple people,
commander Fravor was so close to it.
This is something that is not aerodynamic and it could move in ways and fashions
when he's underplaying it. When we first talked the idea of this thing,
going up, up, up, up, up, up it's instantaneous, acceleration, back and forth.
There's no slowing down, no turning like a ping pong ball.
He said me our first talk, ping pong ball in a glove, in a glass,
nothing moves like that. With traditional reactionary propulsion,
somebody has technology that we don't have in our inventory
at all.
So this is counterintuitive the way it goes from being aerodynamic to being
an aerodynamic, when it goes sideways and then flies belly full.
That's correct. It's well, it's not it's, uh, you know, if you talk,
cause I was just talking to that guy the other day and he said the, the,
the irony with is, is these things would be out there for hours. We don't have,
you know, a high-performance airplane does not have hours where the gas, I mean,
you know, harness, we, if we don't have aerial refueling, you know,
and we're actually out doing a mission and fighting and going fast, you know,
you're talking hour and a half and you're coming back to land.
Some airplanes are even less, you know, based on their size. You know?
So if like an F 16 doesn't have external fuel tanks,
it doesn't have a lot of gas. Um, and the Soviet airplanes are the same way.
The make 29 does not have a lot of gas, the SU 27 seat, thirties,
heavy weight because of its weight, performance, uh, size of the airplane.
Um, so, you know, even, even our Intercontinental bombers like B2,
they still take off and the error or fuel,
they keep topped off so they can get to range. That's how we extend things. Um,
you got something like this, that's coming down, you know,
just think of the physics. So just the I'll use my instinct.
Cause that's the one I really know the best is you've got an object coming from
above 80,000 feet. So I'll just tell you, the 80,000 it's somewhere around 70,
80,000 feet is where you can actually start to see the curvature of the earth.
You know, so that's considered space. So they're coming from above that.
They're coming straight down. They stop at around 20,000 feet.
They hang out for three hours and then they go straight back up. So,
and I know you had Ilan on the show.
So space X is really excited because they can launch a rocket and then they can
have the booster come back to earth and actually land on a pad.
Very impressive engineering feat next to this technology.
That's like a model T next to a Porsche. I mean, it's like, wow, really?
That's it. You know,
and you've got something that can just at-will and move around. Now,
take it to the next level. And I know this is, there's a lot of talk about this.
So things was going to go into speculation mode,
but when you take a shape like that, so just take the tic-tac shape,
which is shaped like a submarine. If you're,
if you're using a propulsion that's,
non-reactive where you're just manipulating the media in that you're in air,
whatever you can go into the water. So when you, you hear the,
all the reports of, Hey, we've seen these things since world war two,
that would come out of the water and fly. If you have a technology like this,
as long as the object is sealed,
where you're not going to get water inside of it,
there's nothing that says you can't do that because all you're doing is you're
not, you know,
we're a jet engine sucks in air and blows it out the back or a propeller
actually pushes the water. It's a forest.
Now you've got something that's actually manipulating the gravity field and it's
just moving through a void. Then it doesn't then air. You could literally,
in theory, fly, go into the ocean, cruise around, pop, back up,
fly around, go to space. You're nothing you,
you remove the barriers of the normal propulsion that we have today.